debian qemu instructions (#6)
viamrobotics/canon: README.md

## Emulation

Docker can be used cross-architecture, such as running arm64 images and toolchains on amd64, and vice versa. This is enabled by default
on the MacOS versions of docker.

> On x86 Linux, Docker [can use binfmt](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/#qemu) to automatically run ARM containers. On Debian and Ubuntu, you can follow [Debian's qemu instructions](https://wiki.debian.org/QemuUserEmulation) to set this up:
> 
> ```sh
> sudo apt install binfmt-support qemu-user-static
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Debian and Ubuntu, you can follow [Debian's qemu instructions](https://wiki.debian.org/QemuUserEmulation) to set this up:

ticktickticksh
sudo apt install binfmt-support qemu-user-static
tickticktick

Most other Linux distributions should have a packaged version of [binfmt](https://github.com/tonistiigi/binfmt) and [qemu-user-static](https://github.com/multiarch/qemu-user-static) that you can install to run containers on different architectures ([docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/#qemu)).
```

??? Workshopping. No idea if this is better. Just wanted to throw out an alternative.
